XVI - KING HUGO
- LUCAS: I thought you were unstoppable.
- AMICIA: I'm not.
I just forget it sometimes.
Lucas.
I must say...
It's an honour to have you by my side.
You're... the most reliable... steady...
...nice thing in the world.
- LUCAS: I don't know.
(CHUCKLES)
But... ah...
You're my family.
- SOPHIA: You're sharing all this
because you think you won't make it?
You also have a lot to live.
So you'll make it.
This is a damn order.
- AMICIA: He must live.
He deserves so much better than this.
- SOPHIA: Now, just watch your step.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
They really look like an army.
- LUCAS: They are.
Now that Hugo's become their leader.
- AMICIA: It was always
his favourite game - conquering.
- SOPHIA: Wow... Someone's dream came true.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- LUCAS: Look who survived.
- AMICIA: A carnation.
It's the first flower Hugo offered me.
Just before we met you, Lucas.
- LUCAS: Makes me feel old.
- SOPHIA: That flower is sure
to put a smile on his face.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Did... he do this?
- LUCAS: He's one with the Macula now.
- SOPHIA: So we're really going in there?
- AMICIA: I'm sorry.
- SOPHIA: That's alright.
I've had enough fun, I guess.
And my boat is wrecked anyway.
Just tell me we can stop this.
- LUCAS: If we can get to him, maybe...
But it'll be a deep dive.
- AMICIA: Listen, I'll go.
I'm the one who...
- LUCAS: Amicia!
We need whatever
connects him to this world.
We're all tied to him.
So...
- AMICIA: So let's dive.
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
Hugo...
Grab something!
- SOPHIA: I'm alive!
You're alive?
Ah... (GROANS)
- AMICIA: Is it broken?
- SOPHIA: (GROANS)
No... no. No.
It's just... (GROANS)
- LUCAS: Are you alright?
- AMICIA: Sophia's hurt.
- SOPHIA: (GROANS)
- LUCAS: I'm trying to join you.
- AMICIA: Don't move.
- SOPHIA: I told you!
I'm not made... for land.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
Not for landing.
That's for sure.
- SOPHIA: Sorry.
- AMICIA: Don't be.
You've done more than enough.
Lucas and I, we've...
...been through this before...
Sort of...
- SOPHIA: Not all legends need sailors, huh?
That's sad.
Go...
...and come back with him.
- AMICIA: I'll see you under the sun.
Keep going, Hugo's close.
Need to find Lucas first.
- SOPHIA: I'm not going anywhere, Amicia.
- AMICIA: We'll come back for you.
- SOPHIA: I know.
Go go.
- AMICIA: Is that really... you?
- LUCAS: Amicia, I'm here!
- AMICIA: Hey!
- LUCAS: And Sophia?
- AMICIA: She can't walk.
It's only the two of us now.
- LUCAS: We can still do this.
You see that piece of wall standing below?
The rats are going around it.
Let's meet there.
- AMICIA: Yes... But wait... Wait!
One mistake and...
- LUCAS: I know, but I've been counting...
And they keep the exact same pacing.
We can make it between two waves.
- AMICIA: Alright... alright... Alright!
- LUCAS: Ready when you are.
Don't worry, I'll keep up with you.
- AMICIA: Now!
- LUCAS: Oh goodness!
- AMICIA: Run run RUN!
- LUCAS: Ahhhhhhh!!!!
- AMICIA: It works!
- LUCAS: Yes.
Let's keep... running to...
- AMICIA: Now!
- LUCAS: Yes!
Ah! Bastards!
- AMICIA: Perfect!
- LUCAS: I'm here.
- AMICIA: Let's go!
Woah... Careful!
That gate looks stuck!
- LUCAS: Wait, WAIT!
- AMICIA: Are you ready?
- LUCAS: (PANTING) I think so.
- AMICIA: They're coming! Come on! Do it!
- LUCAS: There you go!
- AMICIA: Now!
No no NO!
- LUCAS: Ah! Bloody hell!
- AMICIA: Please hold!
No no... Don't stay there!
Move MOVE!
- LUCAS: With you!
This is madness!
- AMICIA: Lucas, the roof!
- LUCAS: I see it!
Oh...
My heart...
- AMICIA: It will hold. Move it!
- LUCAS: Right!
- AMICIA: There!
- LUCAS: Move! Please move!
- AMICIA: These walls have to hold.
Come on, Lucas!
- LUCAS: I'm with you!
No!
- AMICIA: The bridge! Quick!
- LUCAS: Ah! We won't make it!
- AMICIA: We can! RUN!
- LUCAS: Yes!
Yes...
- AMICIA: (PANTING)
We're here... (PANTING)
I think... (PANTING)
We're safe... (PANTING)
- LUCAS: For how long?
- AMICIA: He's there, Lucas.
He's in reach.
- LUCAS: Yes.
- AMICIA: Look at you...
Hiding under a blanket.
Just like when you're sad.
- LUCAS: The Nebula's
condensing around him.
So much must be going on in there.
- AMICIA: What should we expect to find?
- LUCAS: Hard to tell.
Think of it as a giant crucible where the...
...the Macula, Hugo, and the Nebula are merging.
The visions of the deceived child.
Dissolving into the atmosphere.
Changing the world.
This is the last threshold.
All natural laws stop here.
- AMICIA: So we must cross it too?
- LUCAS: To reach your brother, yes.
- AMICIA: Alright.
Take a deep breath.
(COUGHS)
(GASPS)
Lucas?
Lucas? (COUGHS) Lord...
Lucas, where are you?
(COUGHS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
My head...
It's spinning...
Focus!
Hugo first!
Find him!
Hugo, it's me!
I'm alive!
I'm back!
Where are you?
What's that? No!
Can't be!
A phoenix?
Here?
Another one?
What's going on?
What is this place?
The phoenixes...
They meant something.
They show the way!
They must lead to him!
(CHUCKLES) am I losing my mind?
Hugo!
Are you doing this?
"All natural laws stop here."
Right... Hang on to that.
Did you... put them here Hugo?
- HUGO: No.
You did.
- AMICIA: Hugo! Oh thank the Lord!
Where are you?
- HUGO: I'm here.
I'm close.
- AMICIA: I can't see you!
- HUGO: Because you're still looking back.
- AMICIA: Those birds are the only thing here.
They're showing the way, aren't they?
- HUGO: We tried that way, Amicia.
And it was a lie.
- AMICIA: Not entirely... There...
There was truth in it!
- HUGO: It was a lie...
And it brought death.
- AMICIA: People brought death!
Hugo! I need a way to get you out of here!
- HUGO: You need new ways.
Things have changed, but...
You're still thinking
as if it haven't.
- AMICIA: I'm... I'm trying!
Think Amicia...
He's somewhere around.
Do something. Do something!
Yes... that's it, I think.
I'll keep going.
What's happening to me?
I feel...
- HUGO: I know you're lost and scared.
But I'm with you.
- AMICIA: I'll do whatever it takes.
I want... to see you...
(FIRE IGNITES)
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
What is that?
Hugo? Where am I?
No...
Not them! No!
Go away!
Hugo!
Please...
What's that now?
What the hell?
Get back!
You're still just goddamn rats!
I'll burn you all!
You want me to run away?
I'll get him back!
YOU HEAR ME??
- HUGO: I've seen you fight so many times.
- AMICIA: Don't worry! I'll get them!
- HUGO: You still won't back down, will you?
- AMICIA: It's us or them!
I have no choice!
- HUGO: You have a choice...
But it scares you.
There're too many, Amicia.
- AMICIA: I don't care!!
- HUGO: But I do...
And it hurts to see you fight like that.
- AMICIA: Like what?
- HUGO: Like before.
When each battle mattered.
- AMICIA: They still matter!
They do!
Stop... Coming!
- HUGO: They won't.
"Stop trying to be so tough...
You might learn something."
You remember this?
- AMICIA: I need to be tough!
I can't break!
- HUGO: Oh you will break.
You must break.
- AMICIA: No, Hugo! Trust me!
There! I get it!
This is pointless.
I surrender.
I'm tired of all this.
Too tired to fight.
Please, I need to see you.
- HUGO: I'm proud of you!
- AMICIA: Where... Where are you?
- HUGO: I'm here.
- AMICIA: Hugo!
Come! Come!
(SOBBING)
I thought I'd never see you again.
- HUGO: Me too.
- AMICIA: (SOBS) I was so scared!
- HUGO: But you've done it.
Can you walk?
- AMICIA: Yes...
(EXHALES)
Do you know... how to get out of here?
- HUGO: Yes... come.
- AMICIA: Let's go.
Let's leave this hell.
One way or another.
- HUGO: Amicia...
I thought you were dead.
I really did.
- AMICIA: I know.
- HUGO: I felt like... I was... all alone.
So I made a mistake.
- AMICIA: Hugo...
We tried all we could.
- HUGO: But it's a big mistake.
So many people are dying right now.
I can feel it.
And it's just the beginning.
- AMICIA: Let's just get out of here.
We can make it stopped.
We'll find Mother's house.
And live...
Really live.
- HUGO: But...
- AMICIA: We've earned it.
This place feels... familiar.
- HUGO: The way out is at the very end.
- WOMAN: Hello.
Can I... do something for you?
- AMICIA: Hello?
We met already...
- WOMAN: (GROANS)
- AMICIA: Hey... What's going on with you?
- WOMAN 2: It's the boy! He killed her!
- HUGO: I'm sorry.
- AMICIA: Kill her?
What the hell?
What's going on?
- HUGO: She's right.
I'm doing this.
- AMICIA: How? I see no rats!
- HUGO: It's a mistake I made.
It's what I've become.
- AMICIA: Let's not stay here... Come.
- HUGO: We need to fix it, Amicia.
- AMICIA: We... We'll find a solution.
But first, we must get out of here.
- HUGO: Yes.
Look at them...
I loved this place.
And these people.
- AMICIA: You have to stop this!
- HUGO: I can't!
- AMICIA: Just focus. You did it before.
- HUGO: Have you already forgotten?
- AMICIA: It's a lie!
It's the Macula playing tricks.
- HUGO: I am the Macula now.
I am!
- AMICIA: What?
No!
- HUGO: You know it could happen.
It's too late.
- AMICIA: No no no...
- HUGO: I let the Macula take all of me.
Now this is what happens.
- AMICIA: I...
I know...
- HUGO: We must do something.
We must stop people from dying.
- AMICIA: Maybe if we leave, it will stop.
Hugo, can it stop?
- HUGO: I'm eating them, Amicia.
Not just them but all the others.
And even more if the rats spread.
- AMICIA: So this is the end?
- HUGO: Not completely.
We have one chance.
The last one...
- AMICIA: Tell me... I'll do anything.
- HUGO: I think you know already.
- AMICIA: I...
- HUGO: You must stop me.
Just stop the Macula.
- AMICIA: Hugo... You can't...
...ask me that.
- HUGO: You're the only one
who can stop me from becoming a monster.
- AMICIA: You're not a monster.
- HUGO: I will be.
If I kill all I love.
All these nice things you showed me...
- AMICIA: I understand, but...
- HUGO: Please, Amicia.
- AMICIA: I...
I'll try.
Alright.
What now?
Hugo?
Where are you?
Where are you??
- HUGO: I'm sorry.
But you're ready now.
To save everything.
- AMICIA: Ready?
How can I be ready for this?
- HUGO: I know.
But I can't stop myself now.
Only you can stop me.
- AMICIA: Hugo...
- HUGO: I love you.
I've been happy with you.
Goodbye, Amicia.
- AMICIA: I love you.
(SOBS)
I love you so much...
But... when you're gone...
They'll be nothing else...
I'll be alone.
(SOBS)
All alone.
(SOBS) I can't...
- AMICIA: Lucas?
- LUCAS: I'm here.
I'm here.
- AMICIA: Oh no...
- LUCAS: Can you stand up?
- AMICIA: Yes.
- LUCAS: He's there.
- LUCAS: Do you know...
...what you have to do?
- AMICIA: Yes...
- LUCAS: Amicia...
We're here.
- AMICIA: I know... (CRYING)
(CRYING)